### Meeting of 2023-05-12:

Timeline:
  * Final Version tentative: 26 May.
  * Submission tentative: 15 June.

Action/All:
**HASSAN => ALL**: I used the third option. Good for all?
**HASSAN => ALL**: I changed the big title for the intro to 'Introduction'. The old big title does not fit.?

- [x] Think about another title (remove livestock).
Current version: digiRhythm: an R package for rhythmic behavior assessment in livestock.
Ideas:
- digiRhythm: an R package for rhythmicity computation.
- digiRhythm: an R package for circadian rhythms computation.
- digiRhythm: an R package for rhythmicity assessment using the degree of functional coupling.

**HASSAN => ALL**: I improved the language to my best as a last pass from my side. Marianne, could you please put in your english skills?


Action/Marianne:
- [ ] **HASSAN => Marianne**: Could you please check if all references in the intro are correct? I fixed some but still some need to be fetched in bib format.
- [ ] Highlight psyhch and transferability ot humans.
- [x] Format references with \cite{} or \citep{} if needed.
- [ ] Highlight welfare/rhythmicity in the Introduction.

Action/Hassan:
- [ ] Change the name of the function dgm_friendly to is_dgm_compatible.
- [ ] Change the name of the function gm_friendly to is_dgm_compatible in the paper.
- [ ] Check why this code does not work?
my_di <- diurnality(df, activity, day_time = "06:00:00", night_time = "18:00:00")
- [ ] Is there something to improve in the graphics? (especially the static ones?)



Action/Marie:
- [ ] Add code for the sliding DI.

